Added clarification on returned elements as requested in 166990 (#783)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents.mdx

| `page[size]`                       | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` | **Optional.** Filters agent pools to those associated with the given workspace. The workspace must have permission to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/terraform/cloud-docs/agents#scope-an-agent-pool-to-specific-workspaces). |                                                                             |

> ### Comments on response elements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Response fields

Responses for this endpoint can contain an `attributes` object with the following fields:

```

> | Key path                                        | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Field name                                        | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                 |
```

|-------------------------------------------------|--------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `data.attributes.agent-count`                   | number | Number of agents in Idle, Busy or Unknown state. Agents in Exited or Errored are excluded as they already exited, either gracefully or not. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.agent-count`                   | number | The number of agents in `Idle`, `Busy` or `Unknown` states. Agents that are `Exited` or `Errored` are excluded. | 
```

> | `data.attributes.meta.status-counts.total`      | number | Total number of resources filter was applied to.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.meta.status-counts.total`      | number | The total number of resources the filter was applied to.                                                                                            |
```

> | `data.attributes.meta.status-counts.matching`   | number | Total number of resources matching the applied filter and therefore returned.                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.meta.status-counts.matching`   | number | The total number of resources returned, which match the filter you applied.                                                          |
```
